New Action Triggers (#145)
FlutterFlow/flutterflow-documentation: docs/resources/control-flow/functions/action-triggers.md

- **On Long Press**: This trigger is activated when a user presses and holds down on a widget for an extended period. A common use case is to show additional options or a context menu, such as allowing a user to delete or rename a file when long-pressing on it.

Here’s an example of showing a message on button click using the **On Tap** trigger:

<div style={{
    position: 'relative',
    paddingBottom: 'calc(56.67989417989418% + 41px)', // Keeps the aspect ratio and additional padding
    height: 0,
    width: '100%'}}>
    <iframe 
        src="https://demo.arcade.software/uI8KTjnmre4Cx901b6ws?embed&show_copy_link=true"
        title=""
        style={{
            position: 'absolute',
            top: 0,
            left: 0,
            width: '100%',
            height: '100%',
            colorScheme: 'light'
        }}
        frameborder="0"
        loading="lazy"
        webkitAllowFullScreen
        mozAllowFullScreen
        allowFullScreen
        allow="clipboard-write">
    </iframe>
</div>
<p></p>

### Widget Specific Triggers

> Widget specific triggers are available on certain widgets. Here are they:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certain widgets offer specific triggers that activate based on user interactions or device events. These triggers enable developers to define custom behaviors for various situations. Below are examples of widget-specific triggers:
```

- **On Count Changed**: Present in the CountController widget, this trigger responds to changes in the count.

## Gesture Detector Triggers

Gesture Detector Triggers enable you to respond to user gestures, such as taps, drags, swipes, and pinches. These triggers are invoked based on specific gestures and allow you to add actions in response to user interactions. For example, the `onDoubleTap` trigger is invoked whenever a user quickly taps twice on a widget, which can be used to toggle a 'like' state or zoom in on content.

### Lifecycle stages

The lifecycle of gesture triggers involves four key stages: **Start**, **Update**, **End/Stop**, and **Cancel**. These stages dictate how gestures are detected and handled, from the initial interaction to completion or cancellation. Understanding this lifecycle is crucial for building intuitive gesture-based interactions in your app.

#### Tap Gesture Lifecycle

Tap gestures have a simpler lifecycle, focusing primarily on detecting taps and whether they complete or get canceled. Here's how the tap lifecycle works:

> 1. **Start**: This stage begins when the user places their finger on the screen to initiate a tap. For example: `onTapDown` is triggered when the user touches the screen to start a tap.

Reviewer: So Start, End made sense for drag gestures because all of the gestures are named similarly, why do we need to use the same terminology for this? Why not use Down, Up, Cancel terminology directly? Or maybe we use Start/Down, End/Up, Cancel instead? 

This applies to the diagram too. And it would be great to showcase that onTap is called after onTapUp (in the diagram)

Author: Ya, no worries. updated!

Gesture detectors not only recognize types of gestures but also provide the exact location (XY coordinates) where they occur. This feature is essential for apps that require precise interaction, like drawing applications or interactive maps.

Examples of using XY data include:

- **Drawing Apps:** Use the touch coordinates to let users paint or draw directly on their device screen.
- **Interactive Maps:** Implement gestures to navigate around the map or adjust the zoom level based on where the user touches.
- **Dynamic Interfaces:** Create effects that react to touch, like animations that start from where the user taps the screen.

You can access the Gesture Detector XY data after adding the relevant gesture detector triggers. Once added, you can retrieve this data via the Set from Variable menu inside the Action Flow Editor. Depending on your specific needs, you can choose from the following options:

- **Global Position X**: The x-coordinate of the pointer relative to the left edge of the screen when the gesture was triggered.
- **Global Position Y**: The y-coordinate of the pointer relative to the top edge of the screen when the gesture was triggered.

> - **Local Position X**: The x-coordinate of the pointer relative to the left edge of the widget that detected the gesture.

Reviewer: > widget that detected the gesture.

Isnt it the widget that has the action triggers applied on? 🤔

Author: I think both are the same, it only detects if it has triggers applied. but 'action triggers applied on' is more clear, so made a slight change.
